[annalyns-infiltration]: edited instructions.md for #569 (#611)
exercism/julia: exercises/concept.wip/annalyns-infiltration/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

> In this exercise, you'll be implementing the quest logic for a video game a friend is developing. The game's main character is Annalyn, a brave girl with a fierce and loyal pet dog. Unfortunately, disaster strikes, as her best friend Sabīne was kidnapped while searching for berries in the forest. Annalyn will try to find and free Sabīne, optionally taking her dog with her on this quest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this exercise, you'll be writing some logic for a video game a friend is developing. The game's main character is Annalyn, a brave girl with a fierce and loyal pet dog. Unfortunately, disaster strikes, as her best friend Sabīne is kidnapped while searching for berries in the forest. Annalyn will try to find and free Sabīne, optionally taking her dog with her on this quest.
```

> Annalyn finds the camp in which Sabīne is imprisoned and it turns out there are two kidnappers: a mighty knight and a cunning archer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annalyn eventually finds the camp in which Sabīne is imprisoned and it turns out there are two kidnappers: a mighty knight and a cunning archer.
The player is presented with some options for what to do next.
For each of the four possible options you need to write a function that tells the game whether it should show that option or not.
```

> Having found the kidnappers, the player is presented with some options for what to do next.
> For each of the four possible options you need to write a function that tells the game whether it should show that option or not.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## 1. Check if the 'Fast Attack' option should be shown

> A fast attack can be made if the knight is sleeping, as it takes time for him to get his armor on, so he will be vulnerable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the knight is sleeping, then Annalyn will be able to make a quick attack into the camp before he can wake up properly and get his armour on.

false
```

> <!-- _Note: A trailing semicolon suppresses the output of an expression in the top level of the REPL or other interactive contexts (such as Jupyter notebook cells). The output of an expression is only printed by default in the top level of the REPL, not within functions, scripts or other files._ (unlike what you may expect if you've used Matlab in the past)._ TODO: Move this to the exercise where the semicolon is first used in examples. Somehow show the Matlab hint only to students who have used Matlab before, when that'll be possible.-->

Reviewer 2: Why is this commented out?

Author: Seemed a bit confusing and not needed for this exercise. If I read the docs correctly, `instructions.md` should be as simple as possible and extra detail like this should be moved somewhere else. Do you agree this is especially important for an exercise so early in the concepts tree?

Not sure where to move it to, though!

Author: Students new to Julia will probably be in VS Code (or similar) at this point. We don't provide a Jupyter notebook (should we?)

Reviewer 2: And examples may use it, which is arguably the more important reason.

Reviewer: I hadn't noticed that this had become commented. I think we should make it visible again.
